All right welcome back my student.
So we are missing an input.
Well we're missing a couple inputs here a couple of validation and this is pretty quick.
But if you want you can check for the e-mail cise.
All right we're going to check for the e-mail not to be over CERN Maxy or for I think 20 characterful
Our e-mail is right here.
Good.
All right.
But that's OK.
We're not going to take for minimum e-mails could be very small.
Well that's fine for maximum character for females.
Let's just make sure that we have this e-mail variable right here.
And and your e-mail cannot be more than seven characters right.
Your email cannot be more than 20 characters.
That's fine.
Anyway then we have a password important confirmed password input.
Well we can do here is that we can say if password is not equal to a confirmed password then we are
going to save an error there.
We're going to input the error output the error your passwords.
Fields do not match write do not match.
All right.
Wonderful.
Now what else.
That's it.
And then we're done with that right now.
One thing that I was wanted to do.
Well now you know that I always like to do my application would be to you know we factor some of the
code right we have in refactoring means for those of you that don't know as making a complex code easier
to implement and with shorter code with less code.
So now we have this message delimiter here right.
And we are going to be using this a lot when we are evaluating forms.
So why not put this in a function just in case we you know just to make a cold shoulder and to make
things work a lot better when it's just going to take that on from there.
And then air this play here and just kind of put a little comment here real quick.
So I don't forget where it is.
Let's create a function that will display that error message say displaying form error you don't want
display validation error
validation no call evaluation errors like this.
All right.
And we're going to paste that code in there.
And we're going to take one parameter that's going to be the error.
So we're going to say error.
Let's just call the message.
All right.
Yeah that's fine.
What is going to be a narrow error message here.
So let's make it a little bit more
descriptive right.
Whoops.
Right here.
And we're just going to return actually.
And then we can quit like this and like that.
How about that.
And then we also want to put it right here as well.
Right let's see how this works.
So let's go to right here this feel right here instead of and all the code that we were doing before
we just use this function we use aquittal validation errors like this.
It doesn't look a lot cleaner does right.
So let's go here and see if it still works.
Let's just do something.
And I refreshed by the way I saved my document all the time.
I just do a command save on my keyboard so make sure you do the same right password password register
what's
not contain the symbol
part followed by.
All right let's just do something like this.
Register missing argument about oh we forgot they are human right here.
There we go.
All right.
So Ed I'm going to do a lot of stuff here and this one.
And does that register.
And now you can see that we get the same thing again but we have a lot less code.
All right right here.
And we can use this throughout our application.
We don't have to be writing the same thing over and over again like this right here.
We don't have to be writing this over and over again.
It saves a lot of space and it just makes your code a lot cleaner.
All right.
So anyway thank you so much for watching.
On the next lecture are going to continue with this and we are functionality for application or logging
application.
We're going to make this a lot better every second that we are on working on this.
Thank you so much and I'll see you on the net.
Lecture.